Introduce message hook for wikibase (#127)
wmde/wikibase-termbox: docs/typescript.md

The configuration of the `src/` files is such that code to be executed…
* **in the client** can make use of all files but the ones in`src/server` and use all types but the ones defined in `src/types/server`
* **on the server** can make use of all files but the ones in`src/client` and use all types but the ones defined in `src/types/client`

> 

Reviewer: Having this here seems a bit odd, since it doesn't have anything to do with TypeScript. It could get its own file, `docs/wikibase-integration.md` perhaps?

In terms of integration with wikibase this component has some special cases:

> * wikibase read from the root folder of this component `resource.json`, which contains the dependencies of message-keys

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Wikibase reads from this repository's `resource.json` in order to load the required message keys from Wikibase/MediaWiki i18n services
```

Reviewer 2: Oh - did not even see this. I made #151. It could be a good place for this!?

Reviewer: Oh! Cool! Yes, I think it is!
